BD-3597 Add tip to Content Card creation (#8507)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards/create/card_creation.md

Regardless of your selected option, the Content Card expiration date countdown will begin when the user enters the Canvas step.

{% alert tip %}

> If you want anonymous users to see a Content Card in their very first session, you should use a campaign.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want anonymous users to see a Content Card in their very first session, use a campaign instead of a Canvas.
```

> If you want anonymous users to see a Content Card in their very first session, use a campaign instead of a Canvas.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want anonymous users to see a Content Card in their very first session, use a campaign instead of a Canvas. This is because when an anonymous user enters a Canvas, their session has already started, so they won't get the Content Card until they start a new session.
```
